README.markdown, before:

Phalcon Debug Widget (PDW) (forked from [jymboche/phalcon-debug-widget](https://github.com/jymboche/phalcon-debug-widget))
===

[Phalcon2 PDW](https://github.com/Zazza/phalcon2-debug-widget)

Note (How it works):
=====
The debug widget for now is very simplistic and more of a proof-of-concept. It expects you have three services in your dependency injector named "db", "dispatcher" and "view" and that they correspond to those services. When you pass the DI to Phalcon Debug Widget It looks for those specific services and:
- sets them as shared services
- sets the eventManager for them
- Attaches itself to those events

This means passing the DI to the debug widget will alter those services. Generally speaking, a shared db, dispatcher, and view is fine. If you have ideas for other ways to hook in, please open an issue for discussion.



The Phalcon Debug Widget is designed to make development easier by displaying debugging information directly in your browser window. Currently it displays php globals such as $_SESSION as well as outputing resource usage and database queries and connection information. It includes syntax highlighting via [Prismjs.com](http://prismjs.com/).

If it looks familiar, its because its modeled after the [Yii debug toolbar](https://github.com/malyshev/yii-debug-toolbar)


## Installation

composer.json:
```
"zazza/phalcon-debug-widget": "dev-master"
```

Copy or move the /vendor/zazza/phalcon-debug-widget/src/pdw-assets folder to your public folder.

## Usage and Configuration

Define a debug or environment flag in your main index.php file so you can easily disable the Phalcon Debug Widget on production environments. Example:

```php
defined('PHALCONDEBUG') || define('PHALCONDEBUG', true);
```

After you have setup your \Phalcon\Loader and \Phalcon\DI\FactoryDefault() create a new instance of the debug widget. 

```php
if (PHALCONDEBUG == true) {
	$debugWidget = new \PDW\DebugWidget($di);
}
```


## Preview

![](/preview.png)

## Attribution:

Bug Icon designed by [Nithin Viswanathan](http://thenounproject.com/nsteve) from the [Noun Project](http://thenounproject.com)

Commit message:

- it isn't necessary to move assets(/pdw-assets/) to public dir - jquery dependence is removed - the sections: Server, Views, Database hide and show by click

README.markdown, after:

Phalcon Debug Widget (PDW) (forked from [jymboche/phalcon-debug-widget](https://github.com/jymboche/phalcon-debug-widget))
===

[Phalcon2 PDW](https://github.com/Zazza/phalcon2-debug-widget)

Changelog:
=====
- it isn't necessary to move assets(/pdw-assets/) to public dir
- jquery dependence is removed
- the sections: Server, Views, Database hide and show by click

Note (How it works):
=====
The debug widget for now is very simplistic and more of a proof-of-concept. It expects you have three services in your dependency injector named "db", "dispatcher" and "view" and that they correspond to those services. When you pass the DI to Phalcon Debug Widget It looks for those specific services and:
- sets them as shared services
- sets the eventManager for them
- Attaches itself to those events

This means passing the DI to the debug widget will alter those services. Generally speaking, a shared db, dispatcher, and view is fine. If you have ideas for other ways to hook in, please open an issue for discussion.



The Phalcon Debug Widget is designed to make development easier by displaying debugging information directly in your browser window. Currently it displays php globals such as $_SESSION as well as outputing resource usage and database queries and connection information. It includes syntax highlighting via [Prismjs.com](http://prismjs.com/).

If it looks familiar, its because its modeled after the [Yii debug toolbar](https://github.com/malyshev/yii-debug-toolbar)


## Installation

composer.json:
```
"zazza/phalcon-debug-widget": "dev-master"
```

## Usage and Configuration

Define a debug or environment flag in your main index.php file so you can easily disable the Phalcon Debug Widget on production environments. Example:

```php
defined('PHALCONDEBUG') || define('PHALCONDEBUG', true);
```

After you have setup your \Phalcon\Loader and \Phalcon\DI\FactoryDefault() create a new instance of the debug widget. 

```php
if (PHALCONDEBUG == true) {
	$debugWidget = new \PDW\DebugWidget($di);
}
```


## Preview

![](/preview.png)

## Attribution:

Bug Icon designed by [Nithin Viswanathan](http://thenounproject.com/nsteve) from the [Noun Project](http://thenounproject.com)
